fix(db): don't count inactive users in stats (#1939)
TabbyML/tabby: CHANGELOG.md

## Fixes and Improvements
* Changed the default model filename from `q8_0.v2.gguf` to `model.gguf` in MODEL_SPEC.md

> * Inactive users are no longer counted in reports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Activities from deactivated users are no longer counted in reports
```

> * Inactive users are no longer counted in analytics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Inactive users are no longer counted in reports
```
